Event name: Beekeeping

Definition: One or more people perform activities associated with the
keeping of honeybees

Explication: Beekeeping (also called apiculture) refers to the
maintenance of honeybees by humans. A beekeeper (or apiarist) keeps
bees in order collect products of the hive (including honey, beeswax,
propolis, pollen, and royal jelly), to pollinate crops, or to produce
bees for sale to others. Bees are typically kept in hives and the
physical location where beekeepers maintain their bees is called an
apiary or "bee yard." While fixed comb hives have been used in the
past, currently the standard practice is to use a moveable frame
hive. A common design, especially in the United States, is the
Langstroth hive. This design is a top-opened hive with moveable frames
designed to prevent bees from attaching honeycombs to adjacent frames
allowing individual frames to be easily moved and maintained. Another
hive option that has gained popularity in amateur beekeeping
communities is derived from the top-bar hive, which is commonly found
in Africa. Instead of using moveable frames, top-bar hives consist of
top mounted wood bars from which honeybees attach wax comb. Proponents
of "natural beekeeping" tend to favor top-bar hives and eschew use of
chemicals or excessive interference with the lives of the bees. Common
equipment used in beekeeping includes protective gear and a
smoker. Protective clothing includes gloves, hooded suit, or hat with
protective veil. Experienced beekeepers sometimes omit wearing gloves
to allow more delicate manipulation of bees and hives. Beekeepers
often use a "smoker" to produce non-toxic smoke, which has a calming
effect on bees within a hive. Smoke initiates a feeding response in
bees and also masks alarm pheromones allowing a beekeeper to open a
hive and work without creating a defense reaction in the bees. A
popular movement over the past decade is "urban beekeeping" where
small-scale colonies are used to obtain honey and pollinate urban
gardens. Extracting honey may involve cutting the top surface from
honeycomb, sometimes using a heated knife. Extracting the honey from
the comb may then involve using a centrifuge.

Evidential description:

 scene: outdoors (yard, field, rooftop), indoor processing facility

 objects/people: beehives, honeycombs, honey, bees, beekeepers,
 protective clothing, smoker, knife, centrifuge, bottles

 activities: opening a beehive, using a smoker, cutting honeycomb,
 dressing in protective clothing, extracting honey from honeycomb

 audio: bees buzzing, beekeeper narrating process, beekeeper shouting
 in pain after being stung
