Event name: Fixing musical instrument

Definition: One or more people make repairs to any part of a musical
instrument

Explication: Repairing, adjusting, or cleaning musical instruments
often involves taking apart some or all of the instrument, either to
provide better access to some part of the instrument, or to replace or
adjust a particular piece of the instrument. Common types of
repairs/adjustments include replacing broken pieces of an instrument,
tightening a knob to adjust a string (e.g. on a guitar or stringed
instrument), applying oil to keys/valves (e.g. on a trumpet or
saxophone).

Tools such as wrenches, pliers, and screwdrivers will usually be
required for taking apart pieces of the instrument, and also for some
adjustments that do not require taking the instrument apart, such as
tightening strings.

Repairing woodwinds may involve replacing the pads that seal holes in
the instrument when it is "fingered." Mechanical pivots of the
mechanism are commonly cleaned and oiled.

Repairing brass instruments may involve various tools to remove dents,
and these tools may include ball bearings of graduated sizes which are
forced through the tubing. Cleaning with specialized brushes may be
performed.

Repairing string instruments may involve woodworking tools and
processes to fix the wooden body of the instrument.

Repairing a piano may involve specialized tools to adjust the keys,
the structures that support the keys, the places where the keys pivot,
and the various parts of the "action" that converts the keystroke into
motion of the felt hammers that strike the strings.

Tuning a musical instrument is often part of repairing an instrument
but not sufficient for evidence for repairing the instrument alone.

Evidential description:

 scene: indoors (store, shop)

 objects/people: musical instruments, tools, soldering iron, screws,
 nuts, rubber bands, tape, repairperson, lamp

 activities: opening an instrument, tightening a screw, attaching a
 nut, taping, affixing a rubber band, soldering, playing music

 audio: person narrating repair, music from instrument, tool sounds

