Event name: Horse riding competition

Definition: One or more people participate in a competition where the
primary activity is riding a horse

Explication: There are many types of competitive horseback riding
activities, which may be practiced by people of almost any age, from
very young children to adults. The objective of the competition may be
to be the fastest, as in horse racing or barrel racing, or to complete
activities or horse movements with proper form from horse and rider,
as in dressage and reining, or complete activities with other animals,
as in roping and cutting.

In competitions involving form and movements of the horse, riders may
perform a planned routine one at a time, or riders may have their
horses perform movements as they are called out by an announcer. In
show jumping, riders compete one at a time and direct their horse to
jump over each hurdle in a course, following a pre-determined order.

During all the relevant types of competitions, the horse wears a
leather seat on its back with a strap going underneath its belly (the
saddle), which is where the rider sits; a harness on its head (the
bridle), which connects to either long straps or a long loop of rope
or leather (the reins) held by the rider and used to help control the
horse's behavior. The category of objects such as the saddle and
bridle that are worn by the horse are called "tack". Horses are
trained to respond to verbal cues, (e.g. clicking the tongue, saying
"whoa"), and non-verbal cues (e.g. squeezing or kicking the horse's
sides to make it move forward, pulling on (or moving) one or both
reins to stop or steer). During horse racing, the jockey (the rider),
often hits the horse's sides with a riding crop or whip to encourage
it to go faster. Besides racing style, there are two main styles of
riding/rider dress/horse tack: Western and English. Western style for
the rider is dressing in jeans, cowboy boots, and often a cowboy
hat. The saddle used in Western style riding normally has a saddle
horn, to which a rope (such as a lasso) can be attached and the back
of the seat is normally fairly high. The saddle used in English style
riding never has a saddle horn and the seat is much flatter. English
style dress includes tight, usually light-colored, riding pants; a
fitted jacket; tall, usually black boots; and a round, usually black
helmet with little or no brim.

Any kind of horse racing would be relevant for this event, for if
there are at least two horse and rider pairs racing it is
automatically a competition. For other types of riding events such as
jumping and barrel racing, it can be sometimes hard to determine if
the riding is being done as part of competition or practice. Some
important indicators of riding in competition include the rider's
dress (e.g. if the rider is wearing an English riding helmet with
jeans and a t-shirt, it is probably not a competition), whether there
are spectators, whether the person is wearing a competitor number on
their back and/or arm, whether there is an announcer, and whether the
rider seems to be performing a full routine (e.g. if the rider comes
out, goes over two of many jumps and then stops the horse and walks,
it is probably not a competition). 

Evidential description:

 scene: outdoors (race track, rodeo, field) or indoors (arena)

 objects/people: horses, riders, saddles, stirrups, reins, bridles,
 barrels, ropes, riding crop, horse whip, hurdles, gloves, cowboy hat,
 cattle being herded or else separated from a herd

 activities: riding a horse, pulling or otherwise moving reins, jumping barrels, jumping over hurdles, whipping a horse, riding through obstacles

 audio: calling a horse, neighing, horse landing from jump, horse
 running, crowd cheering, announcer narrating
