Event name: Parking a vehicle

Definition: One or more people navigate a vehicle into a designated
space

Explication: Personal and passenger vehicles such as cars, trucks,
motorcycles, boats, and planes are typically kept in a designated
space while not in use. The driver of the vehicle must navigate the
vehicle going either forward or reverse into the designated
space. Personal land vehicles are most often parked in a garage
(either attached or adjacent to one's house), in a paved, stone, or
dirt drive-way next to one's house, on the street where vehicles are
closely aligned parallel to the curb, or in a parking lot where
painted lines indicate where one's vehicle is to be parked.

Many retail establishments, stores, malls, and other businesses have
parking lots where customers and employees may park their vehicles
while shopping or working. These typically contained painted lines
and/or painted parking curbs that indicate a space where patrons are
supposed to park their vehicles. Cities and towns often have paid
parking spaces either metered on-street parking or in a parking garage
or lot. Users of these parking spaces and facilities must pay in order
to park their vehicles. Water vehicles such as boats and jet skis are
often parked at a dock -- a human made structure spanning between land
and a body of water. Water vehicles are navigated into a designated
space at a dock, often between wood pylons, and are typically secured
to the dock with ropes. When parking a helicopter, it may be flown to
and landed in its parking space. When parking a fixed-wing aircraft,
the aircraft is normally stopped and shut down near its parking space
and then pushed into position (small light airplanes may be pushed
entirely by hand, but in the case of larger aircraft a towbar is
attached to the axle of the nose wheel or tail wheel and the towbar
may be pushed/pulled by hand or may be attached to a tractor sort of
vehicle if the plane is too heavy to be moved by hand.

Evidential description:

 scene: indoors (home garage, parking garage, aircraft hanger) or
 outdoors (street, parking lot, dock, anchor mooring)

 objects/people: vehicles (cars, bicycles, motorcycles, helicopters,
 boats, planes etc.) pilots, drivers, keys, mirrors, signs, valets,
 ropes, towbar, tractor/tug

 activities: opening a vehicle door, turning off a vehicle, turning on
 a vehicle alarm, maneuvering vehicle

 audio: vehicle accelerating, braking, doors closing, vehicle alarm
 activating
